Update Logging operator links (#443)
rancher/rancher-docs: versioned_docs/version-2.6/integrations-in-rancher/logging/custom-resource-configuration/flows-and-clusterflows.md

Matches can be configured by filling out the `Flow` or `ClusterFlow` forms in the Rancher UI.

For detailed examples on using the match statement, see the [official documentation on log routing.](https://kube-logging.github.io/docs/configuration/log-routing/)

### Filters

You can define one or more filters within a `Flow`. Filters can perform various actions on the logs, for example, add additional data, transform the logs, or parse values from the records. The filters in the `Flow` are applied in the order in the definition.

> For a list of filters supported by the Logging operator, see [this page.](https://kube-logging.github.io/docs/configuration/plugins/filters/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of filters supported by the Logging operator, see [the official documentation on Fluentd filters](https://kube-logging.github.io/docs/configuration/plugins/filters/).
```
